add 4d integer reading subroutine to formatter (#1838)
GEOS-ESM/MAPL: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Added subrioutines reading 4d integers in Netcdf4_Fileformater

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added subroutines for reading 4d integers in NetCDF4_FileFormatter
```

Reviewer: Needed an update to develop anyway
